8/24
Uploading Works and the audio files stored in mongo db in the process. 
When uploading Don't Forget to Enter Name for the Audio file because its required in Models/Audio.js. 

--Next Task
    Create a MainPage with button that will direct to OnloadPage to show the function.
        In OnloadPage should contain button for Onclick. 

---Audio Management page is needed? since Admin/Staff need to organize the audio file that will be shown in the different buttons.
        AM = can change/place the audio existed in DB to its designated button. 
                eg. changing the onload audio or updating onclick audio file using this. Like its used should routing the audio to its path.
            = can update/delete/add


8/25 

 Created a MainPage with button that will direct to OnloadPage to show the function.
 In OnloadPage contained button for Onclick. 
 Added an allowed format type and the format type is also recorded in the DB.
 Added an Error Handling and Validation.
 Added a required for title and a file before uploading 
 Added a messages each steps like File Error/Successful to upload and Confirming the file that will be replaced in DB before uploading the new file.
Added a simple SCSS
Done : 1st option - Need a Specified naming for the Onload and Onclick to be able to route for their designated page or buttons.

--Next Task 
    Creating the 2nd and 3rd option for the uploading the audio files. 
        2nd : Multiple Designated uploading option for every onload pages or onlick buttons. 
                
        3rd : Audio Management table that will handle uploading and manually assigning the audio files for their designated page or button route/path.


8/28 

    Considered as Finished 
            /-The only need here for this project is the backend logic to be used in the Main page of Interactive map.
            --Audio management may implemented in the capstone project becuase of its function for proper and convenient way in assigning audio for the Map.
                -AM just need more design improvement and some Error handling and validations.



--- Added Comments in the codes 
    -- -- added delete and update in AM .